to another video I hope you didn't
really good today's one I'm going to
take you through one of my lower body
galoot focus workouts and I'm also going
to show you like my gym bag gym
essentials too like this is a bit of a
game changer like having these little
staple pieces with you so here is my gym
bag a light kind of like beige you kind
of look let me show you guys just on
like to the side or you can just carry
it like things so yeah it kind of it
goes everything and it was from my
protein it's got the my protein thing on
there it comes in black too the first
thing pre-workout now this is my number
1 like this is a game changer my
workouts since using this pre-workout
have just completely changed you got to
go for not to get like crazy addicted to
them submit but it's really good it's in
a watermelon flavor this is my favorite
at the moment I also really like the
coca-cola one it's off Amazon and I'll
link it down below it's not sponsor or
anything but it tastes amazing
now with this you can either have it
like right before you go to the gym just
have it some people have it like just
the power don't you know like just one
one of these in like and I use the
larger or not the small one so yeah
that's really nice like I like sleeping
that rust I'm working it I just feel
fueled and energized the in Raja makers
where I've always got one of these at
large like protein shaker things I
always take the metal bit out though and
just have it on its own but it's like
small petite things like they're not
going to hydrate you whilst you're
working it I like to bring one of these
like cooling water bottles or you could
have like a hot drink not that you'd
want to take like a hot drink one like
that why do you want a hot drink in the
gym okay look the next thing is my air
pods
these are nice charges now it's good
you're right after this video because I
hate that you know you go to gym and you
forget to charge your air pods and
absolutely not in my situation and I'm
not going to show you to close in cases
like it works on these things but yeah
these are so much easier although you've
got to be super careful
if you ever doing cardio because I did
lose one Airport to the Stairmaster
machine absolutely gutted like I tried
to get the gym to it like open up the
same ice but we wouldn't do it so I had
to replace pool and it was at 70 pounds
but yeah these are probably the best
investment that you will ever buy in
terms of the gym because they're just
super easy and quick you just shove them
in and you're away at a really good
quality they've got the new ones as well
Mason's got the new air pots and like
the sound is like incredible on those
and like completely there's you can't
hear anything through them so yeah they
are always in a gym bag this is just an
absolute number one must-have and so
this is just on Amazon I'm sure I think
it was out seven pounds our leader link
to it down below
I've had this probably a year and a half
two years literally it's lasted really
well what I like about this one is it's
got like an inner like grippy band so it
doesn't slip up and down like I used to
use the like you know just they're like
plastic key ones and they snap and they
can be quite dangerous to be honest so
I'd really recommend like a good quality
fabric corn and yeah I really like the
color of this it goes with like most my
team out of it's just got the white
stripe probably noticed my most gains in
my glutes and like lower body like from
using a resistance band absolutely no
joke because you're just waking at your
glute muscle if you have sat down like
the majority of the day and your glutes
are just gonna be like switched off like
asleep basically so it's really
important to fire those up then next
step I always like to have these little
mini packets of protein now simply
because you know straight after the gym
sometimes you've got to go places and
you're absolutely starving
you need some protein in your system so
I like to carry this with me it's just
in banana flavor it's like a little mini
like mini back and you can just use your
protein shake and fill it with water in
the gym and away you go rather than like
stopping at like a fast-food place or
anything like that
I can get this as my clothes different
flows as well and it's not too big and
bulky to carry around then the next
thing I've always got in my bag is some
liquid chalk this is just for eight days
I'm doing like deadlifts or any days
that I need to use chalk it's just if
you haven't tried
before it just increases your grit and I
think it saves your hands quite a bit I
don't really like I can't get used to
wearing gloves to be quite honest but I
find this is very good and it's a lot
less messy than using the like normal
chalk especially if you're someone who
gets like super sweaty hands whilst
we're on hands
I always carry especially at the moment
with the whole coronavirus my goodness
me keep water when you're in the gym
make sure you're washing your hands I'm
try not to touch out your face or
anything so this is just like a coconut
hand sanitizer from the body shop so
it's got a bit more like moisturizer in
it alcohol hand sometimes that can be so
dry it so that is a good little thing to
carry and make sure you're using this
like so much feel like shops are running
out at the moment so get stocked up on
that x1 I feel like a granny or
something like showing you is it so
funny raspberry and cranberry flavor :
fusions and now I struggle with just
drinking like just plain water out of
the tap from the gym this sounds so
funny oh this it sounds funny saying
this but like I just don't like I could
just taste like chemicals and stuff so I
always have got to have like something
in my water and these are just like
these little tea bags there's no
caffeine or sugar and then the last
little bit of just like essentials I
always have like a mini thing of
deodorant how frustrating is it when you
go to the gym and you've forgotten like
you know just the monitor you forget to
put on deodorant or maybe that's just me
I hate that all I hate being conscious
but I'm like smelling of sweat or
anything see I always like to carry it
just a little mini one and the best
thing with all this like they're all not
quite small whoops
small sizes and then I always carry this
blistex with me but I was probably my
gym bag because I'm on accutane at the
moment so my lips get quite dry I've got
to keep those hydrated it's thing is
just this energy gel is just like
electrolytes and B vitamin from just
feeling a bit you know sometimes we just
feel super flat I'll have one of these
before I go in the gym I don't go too
crazy on these but these are just for
those days where you need that extra
something something oh how could I
forget this firm right there last thing
that is an essential to have in
is a cap like ah you know that days
where you're just not in the mood to
speak to anyone to see anyone mason
actually makes fun of me for this
because I wear my hat like cats like
really low down my face having a bad
skin day and you're just like not today
hon or if there's like you know that's
it always be ultimately like creepy old
Jerry
sorry fellas called Jerry Jerry in the
corner who's giving you the eye and you
just you don't know stare about
sometimes it can be hard to do certain
movement you know if you've got out and
like your weights like I don't know you
like pulling the hat off and then
pulling everything oh not in my gym bag
but always on my wrists is this Fitbit
and the dad got with it's for Christmas
blessing and I've been really liking it
it just helps you stay on top of your
steps like I'd rather for me I don't
like spending hours doing cardio so I'd
much rather just get like extra steps in
you know for like walking the dog and
just been a bit more active during my
day I also feel a lot better mentally
from doing that as well like you know
whenever you just feeling like a bit
overwhelmed just going out for a walk
getting out and pressure I always feel
so much better and I always think it
helps with my sleep if I've been out
like in the fresh air so that is
everything in my gym bag and I stop
talking now and get to the gym if you
haven't already don't forget to hit this
video with a like and subscribe so here
is my gym outfit of the day how nice are
these like is
[Music]
Wow I am looking like a hot mess right
now I wash my hair yesterday stupidly
and just have a sweaty workout so it's
just like gone sure so I had a really
good workout I'm definitely finding more
of a love for squats like after so long
of avoiding them and just not really
being there for sports you know
ultimately my favorite Baloo movement is
without a doubt a hit first and I sound
like the most results from that so yeah
make sure you've got those that
incorporated and I love that's always
sort of been like my strongest movement
and I can really like rack their way on
off so how good is it when you go to the
gym and though you're not a hundred
percent feeling it like I went in there
a bit like right come on just get this
done and then I actually got really
enjoying it so whenever you're in a bit
like meh I think the hardest part is
just getting in there and then once
you're in there it flows I promise you
it will just flow and then you're
feeling air so when you're wearing a gym
set that you really feel comfortable in
wow that makes all the difference like I
think it was last week I wore some
leggings that like aren't my fades and
they're not the companies they're a bit
too thick so I feel like I get really
hot in them and I just didn't have the
best worked out so I really hope you
enjoyed this video I haven't really done
one like that before I'm never showing
you in my gym bag before let me know
what other videos you would like to see
and yeah
just and let me know what other videos
that you would like to see in the
comments down below and also if you use
any of these already in your gym bag but
yeah I can't wait to see you in the next
video if you haven't already don't
forget to subscribe and like this video